but on the way back our snowmobiles
attract interest from a large meal yeah
Justin he's coming he's coming he's
coming something's done this is a big
confident beer this bear like every
polar bear is intrinsically curious he's
walked almost the whole kilometres
straight towards us just to check as a
all other species of beard mostly eat
plants and insects polar bears eat meat
and this one has his eye on me
yeah we this is getting to a point where
it's a little bit dodgy this male is
paying attention to us and to us only
and he's not stopping and getting closer
and closer look how close he is right
there so we're gonna have to get ready
to start this canoes go yeah he's
getting to vary what is he
10 meters not good right right right
right right
fear appears too much attention we just
have to get out of it
hang on poor not good but that just
kills you you can't entirely trust look
at that unbelievable he got way too
close there and even starting up the
scooter something that would normally
put a beard off hasn't bothered at all
Jason's just for this evening scare him
off
here you go the bear that was thinking
about food and he saw us and we were on
the menu
in April this mail should be hunting on
the sea ice but behind them there's
mostly open water it's no surprise that
you meant business
we still they are still watching
[Music]
hmmm who that was about as close to a
polar bear as I want to get
you